feat: added an example of authentication using certificates (#77)
DevExpress/testcafe-examples: detached-examples/certificate-auth/readme.md

This example demonstrates the ability to authenticate using client certificates.

A simple server rises in it, which at the address `https://localhost:3000` will give a page with a link to the authentication page: `https://localhost:3000/authenticate`.

> Having received a request to issue an authentication page, the server will check for the presence of a certificate in the request. Further, there are three possibilities: there is no certificate, the certificate is invalid, and the certificate is valid. In each of these cases, the user will receive a message about the result of the certificate verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you open the log-in page, the server checks the request for the presence of a valid authentication certificate. When the check is complete, the server displays a message with the verification result. There are three possible outcomes:

1. The request does not include a certificate.
2. The certificate is present, but invalid.
3. The certificate is both present and valid. 
```

> The `./auth.js` file defines the `Auth` class, which inherits from `[RequestHook](https://testcafe.io/documentation/402669/reference/test-api/requesthook)`. It adds a certificate from the `./certs` folder to the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `./auth.js` file defines `Auth` — an extension of the [RequestHook](https://testcafe.io/documentation/402669/reference/test-api/requesthook) class. An `Auth` hook scans the `./certs` folder for certificates, and adds them to the request.
```

> In the tests, we hook up `Auth` instances with the `t.addRequestHooks` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tests in the example use the `t.addRequestHooks` method to create `Auth` instances.
```
